Rework WebGL tutorial instructions (#22564)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/webgl_api/tutorial/lighting_in_webgl/index.md

> **Note:** Add this function to your "init-buffer.js" module:

```js
function initNormalBuffer(gl) {
  const normalBuffer = gl.createBuffer();
  gl.bindBuffer(gl.ARRAY_BUFFER, normalBuffer);

  const vertexNormals = [
    // Front
    0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0,

    // Back
    0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0,

    // Top
    0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0,

    // Bottom
    0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0,

    // Right
    1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0, 1.0, 0.0, 0.0,

    // Left
    -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0, -1.0, 0.0, 0.0,
  ];

  gl.bufferData(
    gl.ARRAY_BUFFER,
    new Float32Array(vertexNormals),
    gl.STATIC_DRAW
  );

  return normalBuffer;
}
```

This should look pretty familiar by now; we create a new buffer, bind it to be the buffer we're working with, then send along our array of vertex normals into the buffer by calling `bufferData()`.

> As before, we have update `initBuffers()` to call our new function, and to return the buffer it created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As before, we have updated `initBuffers()` to call our new function, and to return the buffer it created.
```

### The vertex shader

> The first thing to do is update the vertex shader so it generates a shading value for each vertex based on the ambient lighting as well as the directional lighting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first thing to do i,s update the vertex shader so it generates a shading value for each vertex based on the ambient lighting as well as the directional lighting.
```
